cuda-binaries(1)          CUDA Toolkit Documentation          cuda-binaries(1)

NAME
       nvcc - The NVIDIA CUDA Compiler

       cuobjdump - The NVIDIA CUDA Object Utility

       nvdisasm - The NVIDIA CUDA disassembler

       nvprune - The NVIDIA CUDA Prune Tool

       nsight - NVIDIA NSight, Eclipse Edition

       nvvp - The NVIDIA CUDA Visual Profiler

       nvprof - The NVIDIA CUDA Command-Line Profiler

       cuda-memcheck - The NVIDIA CUDA Check Tool

DESCRIPTION
   nvcc
       The  main  wrapper  for the NVIDIA CUDA Compiler suite. Used to compile
       and link both host and gpu code.

   cuobjdump
       The NVIDIA CUDA equivalent to the Linux objdump tool.

   nvdisasm
       The NVIDIA CUDA disassembler for GPU code

   nvprune
       The NVIDIA CUDA pruning tool enables you to prune host object files  or
       libraries  to  only contain device code for the specified targets, thus
       saving space.

   nsight
       Nsight Eclipse Edition is an integrated development  environment  (IDE)
       for  developers  building  CUDA application on Linux and Mac OS X plat‐
       forms. It is designed to help developers on all stages of the  software
       development process.

   nvvp
       The Visual Profiler is a graphical profiling tool that displays a time‐
       line of your application's CPU and GPU activity, and that  includes  an
       automated  analysis  engine to identify optimization opportunities. The
       Visual Profiler is available as both a standalone  application  and  as
       part of Nsight Eclipse Edition.

   nvprof
       The  nvprof  profiling  tool  enables you to collect and view profiling
       data from the command-line

   cuda-memcheck
       cuda-memcheck is a functional correctness checking  suite  included  in
       the  CUDA  toolkit. This suite contains multiple tools that can perform
       different types of checks. The memcheck tool is  capable  of  precisely
       detecting  and  attributing  out of bounds and misaligned memory access
       errors in CUDA applications. The tool also reports hardware  exceptions
       encountered  by  the  GPU.  The racecheck tool can report shared memory
       data access hazards that can cause data races.This  document  describes
       the usage of these tools.

       cuda-memcheck  can  be run in standalone mode where the user's applica‐
       tion is started under cuda-memcheck. The  memcheck  tool  can  also  be
       enabled in integrated mode inside cuda-gdb.

SEE ALSO
       cuda-libraries(7), cuda-gdb(1)

NOTES
       For   more   information,   please  see  the  online  documentation  at
       http://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/index.html.

COPYRIGHT
       ©2013 NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved.

NVIDIA                            2013-12-25                  cuda-binaries(1)
